 Next steps for p51_local_automator.md


note their is  a new image illustrated a bit of the last part of this request. it is in docs and called vcr_and_delete_controls_visualization.png

 after a little bit of use, i want to get the email workflow working better first.  the immiediate but easy (i think) change is to allow editing of the workflow name itself on the workflow's main page when they click the edit configuration button.  that might have been added to the future feature list aleady but lets do that next. in addition, i would like to improve the look and functionality of the workflow page.  i would like to add a column showing status (now on the detailed screen) to show completed or failure, and i would like to add filters on the name, type and status (complete  or failure) column. i don't think having "enabled status" is very useful here so we can remove that.  i'd also like to have in a row above the table that shows: "Page Scroll:  |<< << >> >>|  Max rows [ 8] Rows shown: 9 - 16 (of 43)" where the symbols after the max scroll label are VCR controls for [top, prior page, next page, bottom] so if there are fewer than X rows, were x  is the page size,the paging scroll controls are all disabled. if there is no earlier page the |<< control is disabled, if we are on the final page the >>| is disabled, etc etc. Finally, the far right column should have "delete" as a heading and have check box or red buttons we should be able to click to select. a user should be able to check them all with a "select all on page" button; and then archive / delete them with a "delete selected" button.  those two buttons could be right of the "(if 42)" text.  see example for partial illustration (filters are not shown in that example). 

 note also that i want to have a new type of email workflow that does autoreplies to a specific set of email  in an inbox and i want to workflow to go all thhe way through asking for approvale and then sending the response. that can be for a next step ater the above task.